man yup it's going down what's going
down in this video it's another special
phone video it's none other than a
damage control ninjavideo damn is
controlling then just after 634 not
people i am taking a glasses off for
this one people you have to understand
once I take off the glasses oh it's on
i'm setting the whole game down turn off
the lights I run this shit I run the
whole goddamn building ready get fucking
height got two things before I go in on
this chapter k side pull aside fans I'm
sorry to break it to you okay it's not
my fault blade on the side scan
kishimoto okay but one plus one equals
two simple factual shit if you can't do
that I'm sorry but a simple shit you
shouldn't do it you should know about
this okay sigh has been rendered
irrelevant not by me but by Sasuke ok
Sasuke came in the picture and render
this motherfucker aroung of it like what
was the whole point of sign who's on
point upside in team 7 if Sasuke Luke
was gonna come back and render this
motherfucker irrelevant its mother came
back Sasuke came back like bitch I'm
original you know even replacement
you're not even a fucking copy ok he
wasn't even one with my seat up your
cross the ball crust ok go touch some
more penises yeah heard about that we
knew or not I heard about that oh yeah
oh yeah I heard about that mmhmm mm-hmm
I'm saying sask likes I just got
rendered irrelevant yo god I'm 1472 in
the South game was not happening i like
bitch no you're not it's me Naruto and
Sakura who are you yeah exactly go go to
back down to oh my bad Oh shots fired
but uh sigh like bro you just got rid of
your Ellen like Sokka cannon pitcher and
just fuck yo shit up mm-hmm kishimoto
damn mother thing part two sorry
Oh God more sagra power boost why I
don't understand because to try to keep
up with our own sake like bitch this
then just kiss him or just just wow why
even try like are you fucking kidding me
where was his shit up before the juban
all this fucking bullshit in the war huh
whore the court now she could control
the subs and she's like soon as she got
the juices she can hear like plus one no
no my bad one / fucking 200 I'm getting
one not making fucking sense right now
where the fuck was he doing this shit
out before this like all of a sudden
this all start up our booth for soccer
and she's fucking crying everybody
latina Island oh my fucking god this
bitch this fucking horn this is one
enough this is a big problem like nobody
likes opera she's why why why I
understand all this power boost for what
for what for what nothing I digress the
chapter you got in oside I'm my bad real
irrelevant Sasuke Naruto and Sakura you
got the you know this did something
juicy God come akiti he's there he's
bigger and easy skills and proven north
like yo man you fucking step yo shit up
you got your weight up cuz you have to
wake up that's a wake up you know his
father get on comic eat yamaguchi father
is doing something right now so he's
taking his place right now my son Tommy
I guess it a little little moment like
oh it's like fucking uh Orochimaru riots
or not who a new era like it's come on
man how dare you bro fucking soccer
Sasuke then fucking North oh come on man
you too but lovers bro come on stop it
was not too long ago sighs cable the
glowing and again I'm fake email okay
don't kill everybody in the village oh
my good i'm gonna bid my clan like uh
also he just came back and render a lot
people irrelevant but you know side
soccer during probably bullshit then you
know and Sasuke Naruto or tag team to
juvie it put in work
uh you know they combine uh you know dr.
combines his shirka is win type element
you got Sasuke fire no I'm I tried to
you know you know they going at it like
a buying jutsus and making a juicer
stronger with wind and fire elements and
Tecna newbie and II know you know tag
team it up it was pretty much applesauce
getting our toe tag teaming the juubi
combine their juicy attacks with the
elements negative stronger and hit the
juubi they think they all did they think
that jubie's done oh they got the juubi
it's over like it's a Jew be like can
you fucking candy it's not that easy you
and I know it's not that easy you know
juvie is not done okay it was to clean
it was too clean okay it was just it was
just too easy and it was and it was Myra
fucking know he just is he is Maura
still standing doing jack shit like like
he's on board oh I'm wait for our
Hasharon I'm like oh my god like the
fuck do something anything though
meteors yeah more meteors but uh no
soccer power boosters he'll enter buyout
bullshit uh you know she know keyboard
fuckers frankly I'm not so Rock Lee love
I mean weirdo fuck is Tintin is she
gonna throw more Coon eyes I mean even
if he gave him all his parables of
chakra you know I'm saying I lost she no
kiba you know he not suck worse than
Rock Lee I fuck to broccoli bring the
nunchucks are you know what the gates
you know not to extremely to enough to
kill rock lee but no breaks and crazy
new shit you know i'm saying he's still
enraged over Neji death tintin like this
bitch like where the fuck is Tintin it's
like Waldo where's waldo with Tenten uh
you know Orochimaru souls up with some
knowledge to get soon camera or with
road tomorrow I guess cams going Karen's
gonna try to heal the hook the kages or
Tsunade she's cut in half Rocha model
ago you you really worse shape Tsunade I
guess she's still alive or the kages
Hill garland a new key in Iraq hobby
no jus Chicago they all healed the UH
music are gay I'll all healed i don't
know i mean Tsunade was healing the
kages but you know Tsunade with the
slugs I guess all that bullshit but
rocha Marshal Erwin Tsunade vs what's
approaching our attentions ok it's I
mean come on man Rocha my can't be all
good you can't just turn off a new leaf
just like that I wrote smart he's like
the only fucking true villain in the
goddamn stairs he can't he can't go soft
on me like that come on come the fuck on
that's come on be real anyways man gamma
Chi Chi no Oscar with the snake combined
jus to detect gb juvies down for right
now rotor are so double Tsunade pretty
much what happened in chapter I want
some rock lee I guys here aki hoshino
kiba hinata a name of Rock Lee ok I name
a rock lee 1010 who the food who the
fuck is tempted yeah oh yeah whatever i
need to do ree uh who else you know
there's more divided of people i'd only
know it's Pablo's bullshit power boost
bullshit with chakra it's retarded okay
don't give that shot to somebody's worth
something worth Karadzic that we care
okay something care to that are actually
fucking good okay now soccer then I got
top I sure don't but anybody by CG
element danica tone interceptor 604 I'm
fucking out I fucking outsides relevant
I'm sorry Sasuke did death is it by name
sake